okay let's get started again we've done
this little pre-marinated
I love your style of cooking here where
you do the marinade but you always like
to liven up again and I said great so a
little bit of onion touch more garlic
yeah
you've also I noticed and it you've
probably got quite a bit of it in there
you're using the seasoning peppers again
yeah we're all green which you fancy you
let's do the red one the red one
okay well I'll quickly slice that down
pop those in seeds as well sitting quite
a nice touch a seasoning going into
those even and of course drop them
straight to their fare so we've got that
and of course probably the most
important ingredient apart from the
chicken and the prawns themselves is
looking for about three to four three
two fools yeah
powerful yeah because then you're using
the rum I'm gonna really overpower the
curry so you need to put in just three
it's gonna be enough okay if you want me
to put one more that's blowing three so
just basically mix all that together so
next thing is to start frying it off now
that pan looks really nice and hot Oh
quite liberal with y'all in there yeah
let's just go for it oh yeah that's nice
we leave that to fry off get a nice bit
of color on it yeah now we're using
apples you're just gonna bathe these up
do the red yeah you know when you said
about sort of three or four teaspoons of
the curry powder which seemed quite a
lot for this quantity of meat um you
know this amount of Apple now is really
going to help calm that that's it I'll
go with these first and then you can
follow yeah there we are
you've also put some carrots as a
sweetener that's a no we know of course
that carrots do have a great sweet
flavor lovely flat frame right okay so
now we've got a really nice little
sizzle going or in that pen time rum for
um just all of it no oh this is very
strong lovely
after that's what you want it's all the
liquids boiling out all the way gonna
left with natural cane juice right it's
sweet in the curry with just a little
flavor as well beautiful that little rum
taste what so you want to just add the
chicken stock first okay that's good
enough yeah that's nothing right coconut
milk is nice you squeezed everything out
yeah
the juice out of the coconut oh this is
lovely this is good no yeah you tell me
when that's it I love the color of that
you know using that that fresh coconut
milk but you can use just what tinned
one is well can't you okay so the best
thing now just to let this simmer away
ten minutes and that'll be done
you